h1. Mindioso

Mindioso is designed help marketing pros track spending, vendors and ROI quickly and easy.

1) Keep your vendors' contact information handy for everyone on your team.  Like a mini CRM for the vendors you rely on most.

2) Easily track budgets and actual spending .

3) Integrate with the marketing apps you already use to analyze spending in relation to campaign results.






This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"rails3-bootstrap-devise-cancan", :database=>"sqlite", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :form_builder=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :templates=>"erb", :ban_spiders=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.8

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.com/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

****** Haven't set the production database yet - not sure whether this should be MySQL or Postgres  ******

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.

(need to fix this to use smtp)

h2. Getting Started

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Similar Projects

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Contributing


h2. Credits

Designed and programmed by Katherine Chalmers

h2. License

Copyright 2012 WhatsFun.com Inc.  All rights reserved.